Feature improve gateway documentation (#376)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/gateway/introduction.en.md

## Hybrid mode (Aggregator + Gateway)

The integration with Mercado Pago also allows you to operate in a hybrid mode, unique in latin-america. With the same integration you will be able to offer all Mercado Pago's payment methods and promotions in **Aggregator Model** plus your own in the **Gateway Model**, giving your customers the largest offering in means of payments and financing.

## Requisites to operate in the Gateway Model

### If you are currently operating with Mercado Pago

* Get in touch with your sales representative

### If you are not operating with Mercado Pago yet <br> (or you don't have a sales representative)

* [Fill out the following form](http://e.mercadolibre.com.ar/pub/sf/ResponseForm?_ri_=X0Gzc2X%3DYQpglLjHJlYQGsPShNr7YSD716AmfdSgiLzc9zaHbPGEzcMTwa2VXMtX%3DYQpglLjHJlYQGmfifPS0tzgzeKqXw7tLnnzgHYCPEBohUzdBmze09&_ei_=ErPkEDqzVJEurmXsCCFMSWw) and we'll get in touch

## Service costs

The service costs in the **Gateway Model** are negotiated one on one. The cost depends on the seller's monthly payment volume.

## Next steps

> * [Configure your merchant IDs and payment methods](/guides/gateway/configuration.en.md) in Mercado Pago's backoffice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Configure your merchant IDs and payment methods](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/gateway/configuration) in Mercado Pago's backoffice
```

> * [Integrate the Web Checkout](/guides/gateway/web-checkout/receiving-payments.en.md) for the Gateway Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Integrate the Web Checkout](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/gateway/web-checkout/receiving-payments) for the Gateway Model
```

> * [Integrate the API](/guides/gateway/api/receiving-payments.en.md) for the Gateway Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Integrate the API](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/gateway/api/receiving-payments) for the Gateway Model
```
